CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Nextacular

We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features
- Becoming a maintainer

## We Develop with Github

We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## We Use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html), So All Code Changes Happen Through Pull Requests

Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase (we use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)). We actively welcome your pull requests:

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.
2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4. Ensure the test suite passes.
5. Make sure your code lints.
6. Issue that pull request!

## Any contributions you make will be under the MIT Software License

In short, when you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) that covers the project. Feel free to contact the maintainers if that's a concern.

## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/arjayosma/nextacular/issues)

We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](); it's that easy!

## Write bug reports with detail, background, and sample code

[This is an example](http://stackoverflow.com/q/12488905/180626) of a bug report I wrote, and I think it's not a bad model. Here's [another example from Craig Hockenberry](http://www.openradar.me/11905408), an app developer whom I greatly respect.

**Great Bug Reports** tend to have:

- A quick summary and/or background
- Steps to reproduce
  - Be specific!
  - Give sample code if you can. [My stackoverflow question](http://stackoverflow.com/q/12488905/180626) includes sample code that _anyone_ with a base R setup can run to reproduce what I was seeing
- What you expected would happen
- What actually happens
- Notes (possibly including why you think this might be happening, or stuff you tried that didn't work)

People _love_ thorough bug reports. I'm not even kidding.

## Use a Consistent Coding Style

Utilize .vscode/settings.json file for the coding style consistency.

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its MIT License.

## References

This document was adapted from the open-source contribution guidelines for [Facebook's Draft](https://github.com/facebook/draft-js/blob/a9316a723f9e918afde44dea68b5f9f39b7d9b00/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

Rebrand package.json and regenerate package-lock.json for AI Toolbox

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to AI Toolbox

We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features
- Becoming a maintainer

## We Develop with GitHub

We use GitHub to host code, track issues and feature requests, and accept pull requests.

## We Use [GitHub Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)

Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase. We actively welcome your pull requests:

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `main`.
2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4. Ensure the test suite passes.
5. Make sure your code lints.
6. Issue that pull request!

## License for Contributions

By submitting code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) that covers the project. Contact the maintainers if you have any concerns.

## Report Bugs Using GitHub's [Issues](https://github.com/Bulldog465/ai-toolbox/issues)

We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](https://github.com/Bulldog465/ai-toolbox/issues); it's that easy!

## Write Bug Reports with Detail, Background, and Sample Code

**Great Bug Reports** tend to have:

- A quick summary and/or background
- Steps to reproduce
  - Be specific!
  - Provide sample code if possible
- What you expected would happen
- What actually happens
- Notes or thoughts on why you think the issue is occurring

## Use a Consistent Coding Style

Utilize the `.vscode/settings.json` file to maintain consistent coding styles.

## References

This document was adapted from the open-source contribution guidelines for [Facebook's Draft](https://github.com/facebook/draft-js/)
